my estimate for the Europe trip was a
little off I suggest you get a job a
summer job happy graduation kiddo I
wrote for that Gordian knot it was a
literary journal no I've never actually
driven on asphalt mixer per se but um I
did once drive my friend's van to
Wisconsin on a pretty lame road trip
what am I supposed to I'm not even
qualify for manual labor life after
college he's not exactly what James
expected I don't have much work
experience James wait that's not right
James yeah by accepting this t-shirt you
are hired
now you get to deal with exciting career
opportunities pasty you'll get better at
avoiding now on-the-job training you get
a 5-minute bathroom break every two
hours recommend saving a few of those up
in case you have to go number two need
inspiring leadership right the race is
on we have a winner
is this you James have you ever seen a
horse race before this is how we met
amazed at how tiny my paycheck is we are
doing the work of pathetic lazy morons
God blah blah blah
party at my house to me my dad said
attempt a I'm invited yep
I'm telling you James every time you
meet a beautiful woman
don't you imagine what she'd look like
naked
coming yeah you go ahead I'll be in in a
second Oh this spring the kotha from the
director of super bad I spike grandpa
there's a whole corn dog brother second
doosh doosh job ever hear my doorway
okay mother thanks mommy
ain't no problem man might just lead to
the best time of his life get to
refrigerate these hmm it's not weird
yeah fry these up Adventureland
I mean drinking drugs I think I did that
corn up yeah don't ever eat the corn
dogs